Pre `use-cluster`

NAMESPACE                       NAME                                                              READY   STATUS    RESTARTS     AGE
adot-collector-kubeprometheus   adot-collector-7db67fbd4-d84wq                                    1/1     Running   0            4h58m
amazon-cloudwatch               amazon-cloudwatch-observability-controller-manager-6dbc658fqxg4   1/1     Running   0            5h2m
amazon-cloudwatch               cloudwatch-agent-4crjp                                            1/1     Running   0            5h2m
amazon-cloudwatch               cloudwatch-agent-qnchn                                            1/1     Running   0            5h2m
amazon-cloudwatch               fluent-bit-8s2mk                                                  1/1     Running   0            5h2m
amazon-cloudwatch               fluent-bit-spxvv                                                  1/1     Running   0            5h2m
aws-for-fluent-bit              aws-for-fluent-bit-cswzd                                          1/1     Running   0            4h58m
aws-for-fluent-bit              aws-for-fluent-bit-k6dnv                                          1/1     Running   0            4h58m
cert-manager                    cert-manager-6d74cc6f74-hd7jl                                     1/1     Running   0            4h58m
cert-manager                    cert-manager-cainjector-76cb8cbf9c-tv79x                          1/1     Running   0            4h58m
cert-manager                    cert-manager-webhook-678fb494c4-864hf                             1/1     Running   0            4h58m
cw-metrics                      aws-cloudwatch-metrics-62wjf                                      1/1     Running   0            5h
cw-metrics                      aws-cloudwatch-metrics-r2h8t                                      1/1     Running   0            5h
external-dns                    external-dns-6b7b96885d-bkbgw                                     1/1     Running   1 (5h ago)   5h
external-secrets                external-secrets-668c695569-th9mk                                 1/1     Running   0            4h58m
external-secrets                external-secrets-cert-controller-59f649b4cf-shlqm                 1/1     Running   0            4h58m
external-secrets                external-secrets-webhook-8cf7cb868-9xjl7                          1/1     Running   0            4h58m
flux-system                     helm-controller-6f45df758c-p987s                                  1/1     Running   0            4h58m
flux-system                     image-automation-controller-7b4869557f-c88dn                      1/1     Running   0            4h58m
flux-system                     image-reflector-controller-7887497747-kn96h                       1/1     Running   0            4h58m
flux-system                     kustomize-controller-5876bcc86d-sgxnw                             1/1     Running   0            4h58m
flux-system                     notification-controller-fc86456cd-fzxd9                           1/1     Running   0            4h58m
flux-system                     source-controller-95ff99f68-8zxzq                                 1/1     Running   0            4h58m
grafana-operator                grafana-operator-5c76d77d98-x9x8s                                 1/1     Running   0            4h59m
karpenter                       karpenter-669f7dccf6-hgd49                                        1/1     Running   0            5h3m
karpenter                       karpenter-669f7dccf6-zh89v                                        1/1     Running   0            5h3m
keycloak                        keycloak-0                                                        1/1     Running   0            8m6s
keycloak                        keycloak-postgresql-0                                             1/1     Running   0            8m6s
kube-system                     aws-load-balancer-controller-89b4cdd75-5cshv                      1/1     Running   0            5h
kube-system                     aws-load-balancer-controller-89b4cdd75-f54p6                      1/1     Running   0            5h
kube-system                     aws-node-6gj5f                                                    2/2     Running   0            5h3m
kube-system                     aws-node-xxj8s                                                    2/2     Running   0            5h3m
kube-system                     coredns-cdff4fbdd-6992r                                           1/1     Running   0            5h2m
kube-system                     coredns-cdff4fbdd-nnxh4                                           1/1     Running   0            5h2m
kube-system                     ebs-csi-controller-fcbd58487-bnkkq                                6/6     Running   0            5h2m
kube-system                     ebs-csi-controller-fcbd58487-slm89                                6/6     Running   0            5h2m
kube-system                     ebs-csi-node-sbw5v                                                3/3     Running   0            5h2m
kube-system                     ebs-csi-node-zr5kh                                                3/3     Running   0            5h2m
kube-system                     kube-proxy-7j6jx                                                  1/1     Running   0            5h2m
kube-system                     kube-proxy-smrs4                                                  1/1     Running   0            5h2m
kube-system                     kube-state-metrics-7947b5894c-bv6jv                               1/1     Running   0            4h59m
metrics                         metrics-server-76c55fc4fc-tdrb6                                   1/1     Running   0            5h
opentelemetry-operator-system   opentelemetry-operator-5db647d84-f6b6w                            2/2     Running   0            4h58m
prometheus-node-exporter        prometheus-node-exporter-4vd2v                                    1/1     Running   0            4h58m
prometheus-node-exporter        prometheus-node-exporter-ltk4h                                    1/1     Running   0            4h58m